Installation
Suiet Wallet Kit is a decent wrapper for the official Typescript SDK @mysten/sui , which handles all the tedious details of wallet connection for you. Therefore, we need to install @mysten/sui along with the kit @suiet/wallet-kit.

For simplicity, we choose npm as the package manager, feel free to change to any alternatives.

npm install @mysten/sui @suiet/wallet-kit

Setup WalletProvider for the App
Next, let's import the WalletProvider and setup for your react project such that your App becomes available to access the states and functions provided by Suiet Wallet Kit.

// src/index.js
import { StrictMode } from "react";
import { createRoot } from "react-dom/client";
import { WalletProvider } from "@suiet/wallet-kit";

import App from "./App";

const rootElement = document.getElementById("root");
const root = createRoot(rootElement);

// wrap your app with WalletProvider
root.render(
  <StrictMode>
    <WalletProvider>
      <App />
    </WalletProvider>
  </StrictMode>
);

Place ConnectButton
In Suiet Wallet Kit, we provide out-of-the-box UI components in good designs. What you need to do is just import and place the ConnectButton to wherever you like.

Here the example is just for showcasing the UI. Note that the web page generated by codesandbox cannot detect any installed wallet because it is a sandbox that chrome extensions cannot communicate with. I would suggest everybody creates the react project in your local environment.



import "./App.css";
import { ConnectButton } from "@suiet/wallet-kit";
import "@suiet/wallet-kit/style.css"; // don't forget to import default stylesheet

export default function App() {
  return (
    <div className="App">
      <h1 className="title">Hello, Suiet Wallet Kit</h1>
      <ConnectButton />
    </div>
  );
}
